docs: remove v0 mentions, minor improvements (#371)
VRSEN/agency-swarm: docs/core-framework/tools/custom-tools/step-by-step-guide.mdx

In Agency Swarm, tools enable agents to perform specific actions and interact with external systems. The framework supports two approaches for creating custom tools depending on the version you're using.

Framework supports 2 methods of creating tools:
1. Using agency-swarm's `BaseTool` class.
2. Using openai's `@function_tool` decorator with async functions.

Explore the sections below to find a method that suits your approach the best.

<Tabs defaultValue="BaseTool">

<Tab title="BaseTool">

> In agency-swarms's approach tools are Python classes that inherit from `BaseTool`. They are defined using [Pydantic](https://docs.pydantic.dev/latest/), a data validation library. Each BaseTool must implement the `run` method, which is the main method that will be called when the tool is invoked by an agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Agency Swarm’s approach, tools are Python classes that inherit from `BaseTool`. They are defined using [Pydantic](https://docs.pydantic.dev/latest/), a data validation library. Each BaseTool must implement the `run` method, which is the main method that will be called when the tool is invoked by an agent.
```
